October 25, 2012
Moscow Planetarium Museum of the Universe
hundreds of guests of the head of ministries
heads of Russian enterprises
businessmen scientists come but a landmark
event for all russian
starry sky industry
modern technology production
a new brand is born with a rich history
in 175 years now holding optical
systems called schwaba becomes
the joint stock company will present the external
view and development strategy until 2020
swabi new name holy form logo
this is an old cyrillic letter first letter
in the name of the Swiss Theodore Swabians
the founder of the company for the sale and
manufacture of optical instruments 1837
year
first shop sells glasses and optical
Instruments are issued from abroad but
soon appears on Kuznetsky bridge
Tatars own workshop becomes
Fedor and decides to stay in
Russia
forever moscow planetarium for
presentations are not randomly chosen
The exhibits here are made exactly on
the company shvabi with their help
Russian astronomers not one hundred years
explore the starry sky and discover new ones
the planet optics Schwabs has long symbolized
manufacturability striving for
the unknown and the achievement of the unseen
heights optics that produces swabs
allows you to achieve all this creation
brand new company entrusted take out and
well-known british hunt agency
Haggerty among his clients dl
google motorola nokia and coca-cola for
ideology brand philosophy answered center
strategic communications apostle
slogan the power of light contains the illusion on
enterprise products
optical systems and lighting engineering together
so the light can be understood figuratively
how is the beneficent power that makes
possible life because the company produces
life saving medical equipment
children
mindy vega lte the hardest to understand
brand role we tried to enable it
many different meanings and ideas
who carries this enterprise
today swabs has unique
unparalleled technology in the world
represented in the market of 83 countries since
creation in 2009 occurred
significant growth of all key
sales figures since 2009 16.4
billion rubles
forecast for 2012 is 24 billion
net profit in 2009 four hundred
ninety-three million forecast for 2012
year
844 million net assets in 2009
11 and a half billion rubles
forecast for 2012 is 26 billion all those
projects that are today
seeing the Russian Federation is a creation
new fighter
this is the creation of new missiles is the creation
new ships new new armored vehicles
tanks in all these projects we
we are involved in a new joint stock company
swabs united main domestic
enterprises of optical-electronic industry
Its structure includes 19 enterprises by
machining high tech
optoelectronic systems and complexes
military and civil purposes
2009, they are all part of the state corporation
Rostechnology CEO
Sergey Chemezov does not doubt the success
Swabians
and other him a great world future
you know
Moscow Planetarium with its own
the unknown is able to inspire not
only school students but also to convince
Investors to invest
and look confidently into the future that way
there were those who believed in their victory on
the earth and beyond
gone ahead to hundreds of millions more
innovation contracts
today is a new name guaranteed
orders worth 83 billion rubles for
the next 5 years and specific plans to